Idea for redistribution of wealth in the world!

Most of the top companies in the world (with billions of dollars of money) either donate to charity, or do not donate at all! But it seems very intuitive and charitable to use that money for opening up more institutions that work in the same expertise area as the donating parent company. 

For example, Bill Gates' Microsoft Corporation is very rich, they have lot of money. Bill Gates donated most of his wealth towards Gates Foundation which helps alleviate poverty and bring welfare in terms of health and education to people around the world. But the expiry of this kind of charity model is over!

Instead, Bill Gates can established another IT company, for simplicity lets call it "Billie IT Corporation". This company can set up more IT offices all around the world and hire all those people who have degree in science or IT and who are unemployed. Then make them work on creative ideas not for selling objective. Its like a school, the difference is that the school is paying students to work and innovate! This could be the new model of charity. But the focus would not be on compulsory innovation, focus would be to keep on creating stuff in IT with whatever intelligence employees have. 

Families (most ubiquitous, successful and self sustainable organization in entire world) can take care of those who are sick, mentally unfit for working in offices. But those who can work and are decent learners should get this kind of opportunity where they are hired only for the purpose of learning and showing their creative projects and skills to their own company mates. This would be a true "Not for Profit" impementation, where skills are also recognized. 

If every company starts doing this, like Tesla opens engineering institutes and hire people to just create fun projects, like oil companies setup new companies that will hire people for exploration, R&D, creation etc just for the sake of providing employment and recognizing the efforts of pursuing a degree in science and tech. 

The goal of this article is to emphasize that if charity is being done by ultra rich companies or individuals (who mostly have educational backgrounds in STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) in setting up more foster care centers or food/cloth/shelter providing centers, it would be a better idea to use charity in a path which they themselves have tread upon. 

Of course, since these new offices will have no economic/profit objective, and their work will simply be "technical entertainment", the employees will get lesser salaries and benefits that the core employees of their main organizations. 

This model of charity can create ultimate amalgamation of arts and sciences. Teaching will truly flourish, economic insecurities will go away, and the hope of a job after graduating with a degree would become pleasant truth. 

Ultimately two problems will be solved from this concept: 1. "Education does not lead to economic well being"
2. "Better to not pursue education because we are dumb and lazy". 

Of course some core employees of these corporations would point out at the "lack of stress and responsibility" present in those alternative companies for "educational/non-profit/entertaiment-lolz-ahm(jealous)". But the salary differences will be huge! So the core employees can enjoy their night time with their money which those non-core employees cannot! So win-win for both sides!
