Theory Behind Earliest Invasion:

In ancient times, when people used to live as hunters and gatherers, and there was no sign of civilization, only cave dwelling, then one of them got some energy from within his body hit the top of his head. He realized that he is far superior in intelligence and has all the qualities that attract attention of all other fellow beings. 

Because of this event, the folks closest to him also started receiving some unknown "super human" like gifts. Some thought these gifts are being given to them by some supernatural entity, some thought these powers were coming from that special person. But both knew that this person's presence amongs them is the key to maintain and unlock more powers like this.

So they divised two strategies: 

First,  was to focus on that individual, like what he does, how he looks, what he speaks, what is his lifestyle, what he likes, does not like, what scares him, what are his desires etc. Complete vigilance and control over his life was established so that he may not escape. 

Second, some people evolved language and objective and inner science, then made systems and wrote books, that were remotely or closely connected with that individual and also related to general human desires for food, travel, love, health, safety etc. In a way they put their own intelligence coupled with the facts associated with that special human. 

The second strategy was more complicated than the first, and this strategy made it more difficult for that special human to escape this colony of folks he was living with. 

But the attraction towards that special person from folks outside this colony was immense. So, in order to maintain this new lifestyle , the colony had to up their game and create a third strategy. 

The third strategy was very simple, to prevent any attempt of outside colonies or folks to enter into their colony. Weapons of all kinds were created to prevent violence. Business methodologies were created to divert the outsiders from the real fact of meeting that new individual. Orators, actors and politicians were appointed to mimic that individual, to create a delusion among the outsiders that one of them is the real special person. 

The forth strategy was created by the nature of life, and that is the fact that rest is necessary after hard work. So those foreigners or outsiders who could see clearly through the three strategies were tired after so much hard work , so they took rest and time went away.

In this way, the resilient outsiders could finally meet the special person. 

